# Truck-to-dock Door Assignment Problem (TDAP)

## Paper
Available on [optimization-online.org](https://optimization-online.org/2024/09/analysis-and-discussion-of-single-and-multi-objective-ip-formulations-for-the-truck-to-dock-door-assignment-problem/)

Citation:
Nicolas Forget, Elizabeth Gandibleux, Xavier Gandibleux, Valentin Guy–Deroubaix, Awen Jacq–Bodet: 
Analysis and discussion of single and multi-objective IP formulations for the Truck-to-dock Door Assignment Problem. 
optimization-online.org. September 2024. (Submitted to EJOR).

Elizabeth Gandibleux, Valentin Guy–Deroubaix, Awen Jacq–Bodet: 
Truck-to-dock Door Assignment Problem at a Cross-Dock in Supply-Chain management.
Computing Project. Université Libre de Bruxelles (Belgium). May 2024.

## Data
- folder `didactic` contains didactic datafiles 
- folder `singleObjective2016` contains the datafiles generated by Gelareh et al.

## Run the code
- download all the repository from GitHub
- in a terminal, move inside the subdirectory `src` and invoke `julia`
- in the REPL, invoke `include("TDAP_main.jl")`

## Setup the code
Edit the file `TDAP_main.jl` and modify it as follow:

### Switch between a single instance and a collection of instance
- `experiment = false`   to perform one instance
- `experiment = true`    to perform all the instances

### Select GLPK as MIP solver
- `using GLPK`                   to enable GLPK as MIP solver
- `#using Gurobi`                to disable Gurobi as MIP solver
- `IPsolver = GLPK.Optimizer`    to select GLPK 

### Select Gurobi as MIP solver
- `using Gurobi`                 to enable Gurobi as MIP solver
- `#using GLPK`                  to disable GLPK as MIP solver
- `IPsolver = Gurobi.Optimizer`  to select Gurobi 

### Set display on or off
- `display = true`      output information in the terminal
- `display = false`     output nothing

### Set graphics on or off
- `graphic = true`      output information graphically
- `graphic = false`     output nothing
